[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy entered
a fighting tournament
that promises the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion.
Rebecca, a gladiator
that Luffy befriended,
is fighting an
increasingly desperate battle
in the final match
of the first round.
[LUFFY]
"A Big Surprise!
A True Identity
of the Toy Soldier!"
I can't believe I
finally found you!
Mister Luffy!
Is it... really you?
Of course!
And you're that fabulous fighter
from the match in Block B!
Bartolomeo?
Uh-huh! But I can't believe it!
You know my name!
I've never been so happy!
Of course I know your name.
I hope to see you again in
the finals. Keep fighting!
You're far too kind! Y'know,
the only reason I went out to
sea was to be just like you!
[BARTOLOMEO sobs]
Huh. Wait.
Where do I watch
the match, again?
It must be that way.
[gasps] Wait Mister Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Hm? Hm...?
[KELLY screams]
[IDEO yells]
Whoa, jeez...
Are they gonna toss everyone
down here, or what?
[BOO screams]
[KELLY grunts]
[panting]
[grunts] It's Grandpa!
And Sai, too! Oh! What smells?
Hello there, Boo.
[BOO coughs]
So...
Is this some kinda trash heap?
Why are there toys everywhere?
What is this place, Brother?
How am I supposed to know?
Next one's comin' down.
Better not stand there.
[BOO grunts, groans]
[RICKY] To think there was
such a massive junkyard
hidden beneath the kingdom.
[TANK]
Excuse me. I have a question.
[RICKY]
Hm?
I could be wrong.
If so, forgive me.
But you're him, aren't you?
Tell me, please.
Sir, you must be!
[TANK] To think you've been
alive all this time, King Riku.
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[COMPETITOR A]
King Riku...?
There's no way!
[ALL grunting]
[TANK gasping]
You crazy? The man's dead!
Did you hit your head
when you fell down here?
[laughs] That old king lost
his mind, didn't he?
Went on a rampage and had to
be put down like a wild dog,
from what I heard.
[RICKY] We're far enough from
prying eyes, I suppose.
[TANK gasps]
[RICKY] I might as well
shed my disguise.
[ALL murmuring]
[TANK gasping]
[RICKY] I couldn't hide
the truth from you.
I am indeed Riku.
Though there's no need to call
me "King" anymore, Captain Tank.
[TANK cries]
[COMPETITOR K]
It's really him!
[COMPETITOR L]
He's been alive this whole time!
[TANK sobs] I'm so happy
to see you, King Riku.
I can't even save
my own granddaughter.
I'm just a sad old man now.
Not worthy to be king.
[TANK]
It's been so long.
Forgive me, my lord.
With Doflamingo in control, I--
Enough! I trust you.
I know you've been watching
over Viola all this time.
I'm certain that you
would not abandon
your duty or honor so easily.
I can only imagine how
much you've suffered.
[TANK] No, it's nothing compared
to what you've gone through.
[DAGAMA grunts]
He's not kidding!
It really is King Riku!
Heh. Is that the
King of Prodence?
[ELIZABELLO laughs]
None other, old friend!
So many times in the past
you've aided my kingdom!
Oh, I've missed you!
Whoa there, okay!
Things haven't been the same
at all since you've been away!
There's no stability between
nations these days.
War all the time!
Oh! I've had enough!
Huh?
"Had enough"?
Why don't you wake up?
While you're crying,
someone else is laughing
all the way to the bank!
Ever think of that?
[RICKY growls]
Our nations are being pushed
into war with each other.
All to suit someone
else's agenda.
It's a nice gig
for a weapons dealer.
The more we fight,
the richer they get!
And in this case, the one to
blame is a man known as Joker.
It's an alias of Doflamingo,
of course.
As of yet, we haven't
determined where he
manufactures or
stores his weapons.
But we do know that he's
selling them to our enemies,
locking our kingdom into a war
that never seems to end!
[RICKY gasps]
[ELIZABELLO growls]
We entered this tournament as
an excuse to infiltrate the city
and search for
Doflamingo's factory.
At the bequest of
the King of Kano,
we of the Happosui Army
are working to stem the tide
of weapons smuggling
that plagues this world!
King Riku! Doflamingo's
ascension to the throne
is the result of you
acting foolishly!
And now all the nations
around you are suffering!
[RICKY growls]
What he says is true,
King Elizabello.
[ELIZABELLO grunts]
[DAGAMA] It is noble of you
to show gratitude for the aid
Dressrosa offered us in the
past, but those days are gone.
The name King Riku's been
dragged through the mud
and rightfully so.
Enough, Dagama!
Huh?
We faced a nightmare
ten years ago,
and the truth you know is a lie!
So shut your mouth
about King Riku!
It's over! Stop fighting!
Uh, King Riku.
Many years ago, I was
a soldier in your army.
I was as well.
Me, too, my lord.
And proud of it.
[RICKY]
Hm?
[gasps] The hell...?
[COMPETITOR F] What's happening?
This is creepy!
I thought they were broken,
but now they're getting up!
Why would all those
soldiers bow to Riku?
And the toys, too! What gives?
They're loyal to him?
I don't get it.
I thought everyone here
hated King Riku.
[RICKY]
Hm?
[HACK] Yeah. There's
a structure down here
even King Riku
didn't know about.
If you ask me, we should
start searching underground.
[KOALA]
I see.
Keep me posted, okay?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Click.
[squelching]
[ALL grunt]
[BOO]
Brother!
What're they doing to us now?
Something's dragging me away!
If you even dare to hurt Sai,
I'll hold a grudge against you.
And your children,
and your grandchildren, too.
You hear me?!
It's so sticky!
[SAI yelps, screams]
He's gone!
[BOO]
Brother!
[SAI grunting]
What is this crap?
Hey! Anyone?
[TREBOL laughing]
Stay away! Don't touch me!
You bastard! No!
[screaming]
[TREBOL laughing]
Hey, hey...
I'm done now! You can go.
"Thou shalt not harm any human.
Thou shalt obey all
orders from the Family."
You better follow those rules!
Now go straight
through that door.
Keep walking,
you'll find a factory
with a port along
the way. March!
[squeaking]
[TREBOL] Keep quiet and work
hard out there.
'Kay, little minion?
[TREBOL] Those contenders
were all pretty tough.
It'll take a long time
before they break!
[SAI]
What's happening to me?
I'm trying to stop,
but my body won't listen!
It's like I can't disobey him.
What the hell did you do to me?
What did you turn me into?!
[GANCHO] Many ages ago,
our Tontatta ancestors
took to the seas, not in
search of treasure,
but in search of resources
that their homeland lacked.
But they could not hide
from the Big People,
and their encounters
never ended well.
Before long, our race was
in danger of going extinct.
Ooh, lookie! The Little People!
[MAN B]
Grab 'em!
When all seemed lost,
they came here to Dressrosa
and met with the King.
He offered the Tontatta a deal.
In exchange for a bit of labor,
he would provide us with a home,
resources, and safety.
And as for the king's name...
It was Don Quixote.
[USOPP, ROBIN gasp]
[DWARVES murmuring]
This fateful encounter occurred
more than 900 years ago,
but it's remembered
as the beginning
of the darkest age
in our history.
We call it The Slave Era!
There are some surviving
manuscripts that detail
the cruelty we faced at the
hands of the royal family.
And they are horrifying!
[GANCHO] Our ancestors toiled
and toiled underground,
hidden away from the world.
Meanwhile, the Big People above
lived a life of luxury,
built upon the backs
of our efforts,
with the riches we discovered.
[ALL crying]
[GANCHO] Now, the next hundred
years were part of the
Blank Century, so the records
from that time are lost to us.
But 800 years ago, a new king
came to power in Dressrosa.
[DWARVES]
King Riku the First!
[DWARVES cheering]
[GANCHO] Soon he learned
the truth of our people's
sad history. The centuries
of oppression and slavery.
Then, to our surprise...
With tears streaming down
his face, he bowed his head
and offered us his
deepest apologies.
[GANCHO] Later, the King
devised a plan to help us.
He enacted reparations.
[GANCHO] He told us we no
longer needed to slave away.
We could take anything we
required from the country.
And we didn't need to
pay a thing in return.
Huh? My bag's missing!
[MAN J]
Uh! My watch is gone, too!
[WOMAN B]
Has anyone seen my wallet?
Oh, no! Someone has
stolen my favorite jacket!
My Shusui was right here
a minute ago!
Looks like they stole
from everyone!
But that's what
fairies do for fun!
What're you babblin' about?
Fairies are fairies,
that's all I know.
All you can do is laugh
and let it go!
You want me to laugh?!
Invisible fairies are the
guardians of Dressrosa
since ancient times
and they're our ally!
When they engage in mischief,
the only thing to do
is turn a blind eye!
Well, if fairies stole from us,
I guess that's okay then!
Let's forget about it!
[FRANKY sobs]
King Riku declared
that our actions
were the work of fairies.
So the citizens accepted
them with good humor.
The legend of the
Dressrosa Fairies
was born and
continues to this day.
That is so cool!
I love this Riku guy!
[GANCHO] Under the rule of
the benevolent Riku Dynasty,
a helping hand was always lent
to neighboring countries
when they were in need.
Although I can't say
that the kingdom
was especially wealthy,
its people were always smiling
and the world thought
of them warmly.
Our ancestors paid tribute to
King Riku by planting flowers
and greenery over the
whole countryside.
It was a labor of love
that continued
until the entire kingdom
shimmered like a rainbow.
The Tontatta are linked to the
Riku family by a bond of respect
that's been nourished
for over 800 years.
But alas, those many
years of prosperity
may be coming to an end.
The Don Quixote family
has returned.
Their descendant is king.
Doflamingo cares not
for the Tontatta Tribe.
He wishes to repeat
our tragic history!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[GANCHO] First, he seized
my daughter, Mancherie,
and now that he's taken
500 of our people hostage,
I have no doubt he'd
make slaves of us all.
We won't let him have his way!
We shall be forever free!
[DWARVES cheer]
Forever free! At any cost!
And so we fight!
To oppose that despot
from the Don Quixote line.
To defend our fair kingdom,
so everyone can live free!
[DWARVES cheer]
Now, we have heroes at our side!
Usoland will bring us victory!
[DWARVES]
Usoland! Usoland! Usoland...
[gasps] You can
count on your hero!
[LEO]
Is he awesome, or what?
[FRANKY cries] King Riku's
such a stand-up guy.
I can't believe it, he's even
nice to these little bug people!
[DWARVES]
What did you just call us?!
Bugs, in a good way.
[DWARVES]
Oh. No problem, then.
[CROWD chattering]
[MAN B] The Riku dynasty's dead!
Just like your grandpa!
Go to hell, Rebecca!
One question.
[TOY SOLDIER grunts]
Who is that woman fighting
out there in the ring?
The crowd seems to hate her.
But judging by their jeers,
she's related to
the former king.
Is there something
we don't know?
About the Riku Dynasty?
There's nothing I don't know!
[DWARVES cheer]
Usoland! Usoland! Usoland...
It happened ten years ago.
[DWARVES]
Usoland! Usoland!
King Riku lost the support
of his citizens
in a sudden tragedy
that struck one night.
He fought for his people
until the end,
but that story has been lost.
[MAN G] Riku's entire family
can go to hell!
Die, Rebecca! Go away!
[MAN H] What're you waiting for?
Butcher her!
I don't blame them.
The citizens don't know
what really happened that day.
[TOY SOLDIER]
I'm sorry...
It's my fault.
I failed to protect your mother!
[TOY SOLDIER] After he took
control of the kingdom,
Doflamingo tried to erase
King Riku's bloodline.
But I took Rebecca away and
went into hiding with her.
Thus, she was able to
grow into adulthood.
Eventually, we were discovered.
And Doflamingo decided to
put her on public display.
I swear I will restore the
people's faith in King Riku,
and I will protect
Rebecca from harm,
even if I have to
give my life to do it!
That is why we fight!
To put an end to this!
[FRANKY gasps]
Who are you, really?
[TOY SOLDIER]
A failure.
A soldier who couldn't
complete his duty.
I let her die.
[REBECCA cries]
[REBECCA]
Mother? Please, Mother.
Wake up. Please, wake up!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Forgive me!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry!
[TOY SOLDIER]
For as long as I live,
I'll never forget what
happened that day.
[TOY SOLDIER]
But Rebecca has forgotten me,
because I was turned into a toy.
[inaudible]
[REBECCA, TOY SOLDIER] ♪ This
toy soldier is brave and true ♪
♪ In the rain or in the snow,
he will stay with you ♪
[REBECCA, TOY SOLDIER laughing]
She doesn't know.
[REBECCA panting]
The truth is...
I'm Rebecca's father!
[NARRATOR] For 800 years,
the Riku royal family worked
to maintain peace in the
proud kingdom of Dressrosa.
But then, ten years ago,
King Riku encountered
a terrible demon.
And what followed was a night
of unspeakable tragedy
that the inhabitants of
this land can never forget.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Horrible Past!
The Secret of Dressrosa!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!